= youtube_dlhelper

home  :: https://launchpad.net/youtube-dlhelper
code  :: http://github.com/saigkill/youtube_dlhelper
rdoc  :: http://www.rubydoc.info/gems/youtube_dlhelper
docs  ::
bugs  :: https://bugs.launchpad.net/youtube-dlhelper
openhub statistics :: https://www.openhub.net/p/youtube_dlhelper
openhatch :: http://www.openhatch.org/projects/youtube_dlhelper
min_rubyver :: 2.2.3


== DESCRIPTION:

The youtube_dlhelper is a short tool for download and manage the downloaded files.
You are running the program inside the command line with a Youtube URL. Then it
asks for a group name or interpreters name. Now it creates a Subfolder inside
your Musicdirectory. Then it makes a MP3 from the downloaded file and moves it
to the folder.

The History.rdoc contains a detailed description on what has changed. For most
users the NEWS file might be a better place to look since it contains
change summaries between the different versions.

youtube_dlhelper is released under the MIT License, see the file 'License.rdoc'
for more information.

The official web site is:

    https://launchpad.net/youtube-dlhelper

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* downloads a video from a url
* extracts audio
* converts them into mp3 or ogg
* Sometimes it happens a 403 FORBIDDEN feedback from Google. It looks like it d
epends on country restrictions mostly on VEVO Videos.
More [there](https://github.com/rb2k/viddl-rb/issues/117).

== SYNOPSIS:

    $ youtube_dlhelper YoutubeURL

Example:

    youtube_dlhelper http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aHjpOzsQ9YI
    If a https:// URL doesn't work use http:// instead

Read the documentation at: https://saigkill.tuxfamily.org/docs/youtube_dlhelper/en-US/html/

== REQUIREMENTS:

* nokogiri
* setup
* highline
* parseconfig
* youtube-dl.rb
* steamio-ffmpeg
* rainbow
* addressable
* notifier

== INSTALL:

The installation is very easy.

    gem install youtube_dlhelper
    cd /path/to/gem (In case of using RVM ~/.rvm/gems/ruby-VERSION/gems/youtube_dlhelper)
    rake setup

Read the documentation at: https://saigkill.tuxfamily.org/docs/youtube_dlhelper/en-US/html/

You have to run the setup after each gem update.

== DEVELOPERS:

After checking out the source, run:

  $ rake newb

This task will install any missing dependencies, run the tests/specs,
and generate the RDoc.

=== IDEAS:

* If have some good ideas for stuff that you want to see in this program you
should check the TODO file first before sending email.

=== COOL HACKS

* Open a bugreport on https://bugs.launchpad.net/youtube-dlhelper.
* Please use the -u flag when generating the patch as it makes the patch
  more readable.
* Write a good explanation of what the patch does.
* It is better to use git format-patch command: git format-patch HEAD^

=== CONTRIBUTOR CODE OF CONDUCT

As contributors and maintainers of this project, we pledge to respect all
people who contribute through reporting issues, posting feature requests,
updating documentation, submitting pull requests or patches, and other
activities.

We are committed to making participation in this project a harassment-free
experience for everyone, regardless of level of experience, gender, gender
identity and expression, sexual orientation, disability, personal
appearance, body size, race, age, or religion.

Examples of unacceptable behavior by participants include the use of sexual
language or imagery, derogatory comments or personal attacks, trolling,
public or private harassment, insults, or other unprofessional conduct.

Project maintainers have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or
reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions
that are not aligned to this Code of Conduct. Project maintainers who do
not follow the Code of Conduct may be removed from the project team.

Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be
reported by opening an issue or contacting one or more of the project
maintainers.

This Code of Conduct is adapted from the [Contributor Covenant](http:contributor-covenant.org),
version 1.0.0, available at [http://contributor-covenant.org/version/1/0/0/](http://contributor-covenant.org/version/1/0/0/)

=== MAINTANANCE POLICY

I'm following the Semantic Versioning for its releases: (Major).(Minor).(Patch).

 * Major version: Whenever there is something significant or any backwards
   incompatible changes.
 * Minor version: When new, backwards compatible functionality is introduced a
   minor feature is introduced, or when a set of smaller features is rolled out.
 * Patch number: When backwards compatible bug fixes are introduced that fix
   incorrect behavior.
 * The current stable release will receive security patches and bug fixes
   (eg. 5.0 -> 5.0.1).
 * Feature releases will mark the next supported stable release where the minor
   version is increased numerically by increments of one (eg. 5.0 -> 5.1).

I encourage everyone to run the latest stable release to ensure that you can
easily upgrade to the most secure and feature rich experience. In order to
make sure you can easily run the most recent stable release, we are working
hard to keep the update process simple and reliable.

=== STRUCTURE

==== BRANCHES

===== `trunk` BRANCH
The trunk branch is the current edge of development.

===== `X.X` BRANCH
The X.X branch is the last stable branch. It will used for tarballs.

===== MERGE REQUESTS
If you want to merge your branch with the trunk, click on
"Propose for merging" on Launchpad.

Please base all Merge requests off the `trunk` branch. Merges to
`X.X` only occur through the `trunk` branch.

== Communication

Join the team on: https://launchpad.net/~youtube-dlhelper.

== Problem Reporting

Bugs should be reported to https://bugs.launchpad.net/youtube-dlhelper. You will need to create an
account for yourself.

See https://bugs.launchpad.net/youtube-dlhelper is your problem is already reported.

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2015-2017 Sascha Manns <Sascha.Manns@mailbox.org>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
